c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\obj\Debug\CigniumService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\CigniumService.dll.config
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\CigniumService.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\CigniumService.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\CigniumBE.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\CigniumBL.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\CigniumBE.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\CigniumBL.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\obj\Debug\CigniumService.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cignium\CigniumService\obj\Debug\CigniumService.pdb
